feat(docs): Note discovery concepts page (#11760)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/aztec/concepts/advanced/storage/partial_notes.md

#include_code complete_refund noir-projects/noir-contracts/contracts/fpc_contract/src/main.nr rust

## Note discovery

> Note discovery is detailed [here](./note_discovery.md). Partial notes are handled very similarly. Private data is put in an encrypted log in the same way as a regular note, but the contract knows that it is a partial note and is missing its public component. The contract puts the unfinished note + the public log that will be emitted to complete the note into the PXE's database. When this log is emitted, the partial note is completed. This method of discovery allows partial notes to be started and completed in entirely separate transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note discovery is detailed [here](./note_discovery.md). Partial notes are handled very similarly, where the partial note creator will add a tag to the beginning of the encrypted log, like a regular note, but the contract knows that it is a partial note and is missing a public component. The contract puts the unfinished note and the public log that will be emitted to complete the note into the PXE's database. When the public log is emitted, the recipient's PXE has all of the info about the note and the partial note is completed. This method of discovery allows partial notes to be started and completed in separate transactions.
```
